Introduction of a idle state for clear definition of mobile robots with no order (#375)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

9)	populate/append states refers to the `actionStates`/`nodeStates`/`edgeStates`.

### 6.6.3 Idle state of the mobile robot

> A mobile robot is in idle state if its nodeStates and edgeStates are empty and all actionStates are either 'FINISHED' or 'FAILED'. A vehicle in idle state is ready to receive a new order. In idle state a vehicle can execute instantActions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A mobile robot is in idle state if its nodeStates and edgeStates are empty and all actionStates are either 'FINISHED' or 'FAILED'. A vehicle in idle state is ready to receive a new order or order updates. In idle state a vehicle can execute instantActions.
```

> A mobile robot is in idle state if its nodeStates and edgeStates are empty and all actionStates are either 'FINISHED' or 'FAILED'. A vehicle in idle state is ready to receive a new order or order updates. In idle state a vehicle can execute instantActions.

Author: ```suggestion
A mobile robot is idle if its nodeStates and edgeStates are empty and all actionStates are either 'FINISHED' or 'FAILED'. A new order shall only be accepted in idle state. An order update can be accepted in idle state or during order execution. In idle state a vehicle can execute instantActions.
```

If the action cannot be interrupted, the `actionState` of that action should reflect that by reporting 'RUNNING' while it is running, and after that the respective state ('FINISHED', if successful and 'FAILED', if not).
While actions are running, the cancelOrder action shall report 'RUNNING', until all actions are cancelled/finished.
After all movement of the vehicle and all of its actions are stopped, the `cancelOrder` action status shall report 'FINISHED'.

> This means that the vehicle is in idle mode and ready to receive new orders.

Author: ```suggestion
This means that the vehicle is idle and ready to receive new orders.
```

#### 6.6.3.1 Receiving a new order after cancellation

> After the cancellation of an order, the vehicle shall be in idle state and ready to receive a new order.

Author: ```suggestion
After the cancellation of an order, the vehicle is idle and shall be ready to receive a new order.
```

- Send an order, where the first node is the last traversed node of the previous order but set the deviation range so large that the AGV is within this range. Thus, the AGV shall realize that this node shall be counted as traversed and accept the order.

> #### 6.6.3.2 Receiving a cancelOrder action when AGV is in idle state

Author: ```suggestion
#### 6.6.3.2 Receiving a cancelOrder action when AGV is idle
```

> If the AGV receives a `cancelOrder` action but the AGV is currently in idle state, or the previous order was canceled, the `cancelOrder` action shall be reported as 'FAILED'.

Author: ```suggestion
If the AGV receives a `cancelOrder` action but the AGV is currently idle, or the previous order was canceled, the `cancelOrder` action shall be reported as 'FAILED'.
```

enableMap | - | Enable a previously downloaded map explicitly to be used in orders without initializing a new position. | yes | mapId (string)<br>mapVersion (string) | .maps | yes | yes | no
downloadMap | - | Trigger the download of a new map. Active during the download. Errors reported in vehicle state. Finished after verifying the successful download, preparing the map for use and setting the map in the state. | yes | mapId (string)<br>mapVersion (string)<br>mapDownloadLink (string)<br>mapHash (string, optional) | .maps | yes | no | no
deleteMap | - | Trigger the removal of a map from the vehicle memory. | yes | mapId (string)<br>mapVersion (string) | .maps | yes | no | no

> clearInstantActions | - | Removes all finished or failed instant actions from the mobile robots. | yes | - | .instantActions | yes | yes | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clearInstantActions | - | Removes all finished or failed instant actions states from the mobile robots. | yes | - | .instantActions | yes | yes | no
```

***zoneRequests [zoneRequest]*** | | array | Array of zoneRequest objects that are currently active on the AGV. <br>Empty array if no zone requests are active.
*distanceSinceLastNode* | meter | float64 | Used by line-guided vehicles to indicate the distance it has been driving past the lastNodeId. <br>Distance is in meters.
**actionStates [actionState]** | | array | Contains an array of all actions from the current order and all received instantActions since the last order. The action states are kept until a new order is received. Action states, except for running instant actions, are removed upon receiving a new order. <br>This may include actions from previous nodes, that are still in progress.<br><br>When an action is completed, an updated state message is published with actionStatus set to 'FINISHED' and if applicable with the corresponding resultDescription.

> **instantActionStates [actionState]** | | array | Contains an array of all instant actions that the vehicle received. Empty array if the vehicle has received no instant actions. Instant actions are kept in the state until restart or action clearInstantActions is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**instantActionStates [actionState]** | | array | Contains an array of all instant action states that the vehicle received. Empty array if the vehicle has received no instant actions. Instant actions are kept in the state until restart or action clearInstantActions is executed.
```
